The "Cheers" system is being developed by "Wine Ha'Emek," a wine trading company, to manage key business operations, including inventory management, customer management, and order processing and delivery.

The sales staff are responsible for placing customer orders, with each order being assigned to a specific employee. The actual delivery of orders is managed by an external company, called "GalGalim," and falls outside the scope of the current system.

To minimize delivery costs, customers can place joint orders. Company employees are allowed to order wines under the same conditions as regular customers. 

Only employees in the marketing department are authorized to update wine information and types. All other employees will have view-only access. For example, sales staff can browse available wines when placing orders for customers. Marketing employees can also recommend occasions suitable for drinking each wine type.

At the start of each month, the system will receive XML data from another system, called "Gefen," regarding wine producers and the wines they produce. Additionally, weekly updates will be provided on the quantity purchased. Marketing staff will link wines to their types and can modify price details and product images. As wines are sold only from available stock, inventory must be updated after each sale.

The "Cheers" system will also generate the following reports. (1) Unproductive Employees Report: Generated by a sales employee, this report takes a time period as a parameter and displays the personal information of employees who placed fewer than 2 urgent orders OR fewer than 4 regular orders within that period. (2) Current Inventory Report by Wine: This report provides the inventory levels of all wines and is sent to the Gefen system in JSON format every weekend to assist with restocking preparations. (3) Wine Recommendation Report for Customers: Produced by a sales employee, this report returns a list of available wines that match the customer's preferences based on food, occasion, and wine type.
